what's going on everybody Pippi deed
here this is episode 1 of the fifa 14
road to manchester city a new beginning
a new fifa it's time to build the
manchester city squad now this is the
beginning of the whole thing the web app
has came out today so we have to get
started because that's what we do so
we're going to click get started and
right now it's asking me if I want to
change my club name now it was I trade
because intentionally this account was
made for me to trade on and see how good
I can do it wasn't meant to be a series
but I decided mmm i love city I love
trading put them together and we'll make
a series so I will be changing the name
and now the thing is you can't fit wrote
to Manchester City so what I I'm gonna
do is just do wrote oh I can't even fit
that who so I'll do road to man city add
the abbreviation this is a tough one
because we could do that Manchester City
Football yeah we'll do that okay so
we'll get started now I have no idea how
to trade like when the game first comes
out I we're going to skip that because
this is our starter pack whoo we also
have a daily gift so a silver pack
that's good we're going to open that in
a second so yeah I have no idea how to
trade when the game comes out so which
will try and learn together skip that
once again and we got this man now he
looks kinda crappy he's in decently but
he doesn't seem like somebody that would
go for much so we're gonna quick selling
contracts we're going to store in club
no point in selling contracts because
everybody's going to have them white
caps kid
no point for it right now and this
either so let is let us see if we do
have our oh yeah with the starter pack
it did they don't let you sell they
don't let you sell your starter pack
players so we are kinda screwed on that
part but we do have some nice players to
build a starting squad now I'm gonna
check if I have any City players already
which I don't think I have let's try
that now it's going to be really
difficult getting coins because as you
can see we only have 130 so I think the
only way I can build um coins from now
is to just go and wait every day for the
daily gift so I can't really think of
any other way of making coins the game
is on out I can't play games I canceled
my starter pack players and I can't
really trade with 130 coins so I'm just
gonna keep waiting on daily gifts and
yeah it's pretty much episode one I
wrote the city nothing too interesting
just opening our starter pack
introducing you guys to series you guys
do not know what we do basically we
start from bottom and we build the whole
man city squad starting eleven reserves
subs some players in the club everybody
that is at the club in real life right
now we'll be on our club when they go on
alone will keep them if they transfer to
a different club then we'll sell them so
that's pretty much wrote to Manchester
City guys this is the fifa 14
introduction hope you guys enjoy the
series look forward to episode 2 where
we should have at least one or two k my
name is pity you guys and i am out